STAC-23425: note on access via port-forwarding (#160)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/install-stackstate/requirements.adoc

kubectl port-forward service/<helm-release-name>-stackstate-k8s-router 8080:8080 --namespace stackstate
----

> When accessing SUSE Observability via port-forwarding, the browser uses `http://localhost:8080` as the request origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing {stackstate-product-name} via port-forwarding, the browser uses `http://localhost:8080` as the request origin.
```

> Since this origin is not allowed by default, UI requests (including WebSocket connections) may be rejected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since this origin is not allowed by default, UI requests (including WebSocket connections) will be rejected.
```

> You can fix this by adding `http://localhost:8080` to the `stackstate.allowedOrigins` list in the Helm values, or by passing it directly to the deployment command:

Reviewer 2: Like Vladimir suggested, I would move the entire port-forwarding part to the "Expose SUSE Observability" page in its own section and then:
*  Not suggest it as a "test" but simply as a way to access the UI (people do expect port-forwards to usually work)
* Not describe this as a "fix" but simply include it in the first sentence/paragraph: "You can access SUSE Observability via port-forwarding, but it requires adding localhost to the allowed origins:"
